ropeburn part 2 Roper is dead get the
hell out of there someone just sniped
him its own sniped him yeah but who I
don't know a mysterious killer on the
loose someone from esurance maybe most
likely actually ok so this elevator is
gonna take a plunge and is Emilio
Estevez on the bottom of it and get
smashed yep me leo he actually got
smashed at the top of the elevator oh
that's right he was on the top of it
yeah me leo
okay so then just do a ball run turn
jump kick turn to jump jump duck run
fall I can't imagine writing a guide for
this game like oh I got a written guy to
be so difficult jump turn look for
air-conditioning vents jump turn climber
air conditioning and a front of you yeah
run wall kick disarm shoot there's this
level with like an atrium where you just
climb higher and higher and like the
same kind of thing it would be so hard
to describe in words I don't even know I
should look at one just to see ya some
of the levels are varied enough where
you could actually explain it though
would like some of those that have like
the same stuff and suck
alright so if you just stand the
opposite side of the pillar as the guys
they won't hit you are you on a subway
terminal now yeah so just wait for the
train to go past and then hop down mind
the gap you get it that's a London
subway joke oh no never been ok ok so
this part is kind of weird I'm gonna do
I'm gonna jump on these bars up to this
part but if you fall you're done you
have to go a different way than I went
just now so if you fall you're screwed
it's alright try again you have to find
your own way do not pass go do not
collect two hundred dollars yeah luckily
it's not too far that you have to go on
your own and then you'll be back with
the guide and you fry caught up in that
by now since I just bid it there we go
look he jumped over that pole I did the
previous I'm wow I'm just add baller
there are door handles why doesn't she
use those mmm not as cool oh ok
so I guess this part you just want to
make sure you don't get smashed by a
train and how do you do that don't touch
it while it's moving oh do you have to
time it I mean well as much as you saw
in the video that all you have to do
okay this part right here there's a
ladder if you go around but a little
shortcut is if you wall run turn you
just grab this bar and you can just skip
that ladder and then you have to wall
run to this button that will turn off
the fans so that you can go through
otherwise you try to go through you'll
get chopped to bits and then here you
have to jump and land on the train which
is kind of hard see I edit it a little
bit we're there any now this part remind
me of speed and I really wanted to edit
in a part where dennis hopper gets
decapitated I try to remember I remember
that in speed at all I how the movie
ends dude when the helicopters chasing
them in the train dad's mission
impossible Oh speed I'm thinking mission
impossible with Emilio Estevez still oh
you're right ok BTW on you and hope that
thing yeah pop quiz hotshot there's a
bomb on the bus what dzu kid drop below
60 miles an hour i think it's called the
bus that couldn t slow down
yeah look tall is a movie about this bus
whose speed couldn't drop below 60 miles
an hour and if its speed drop below 60
miles an hour they would explode thank
you Bob buzz that couldn't slow down and
that wraps it up